My name is Osamu Kurihara.
I'm a high school freshman.
On the night of Christmas,
my love and I lit
the candle of our hearts,
and it shall never
be extinguished.
You and Nanako kissed
at the Christmas party?!
That was your first date!
Uh-huh.
Well doesn't that...
doesn't that seem fast?!
There's no rulebook for
matters of the heart-
That's too fast!
Oho...
Okay then. When IS
it the right time?
Hmm...
Fall of senior year.
Why fall?
♪Opening song♪
Well, I'm off! I'm going on
a date with my girlfriend.
Hey, you'd better be a
gentleman, you hear me?!
Well, of course!
(Chuckle)
He's too relaxed.
[KURIHARA]
Later, losers!
Why fall of senior year?
Spring felt too soon.
Uhh...
And for some reason,
winter seemed too late.
Hm...
A kiss. That's way
beyond holding hands.
My mouth on her mouth.
That's serious stuff.
I'm sure that for girls,
it's even more serious
than I could imagine.
So when the time comes,
I want to make it a kiss
she'll never forget.
(Crowd chatter)
[RINKO]
Takeo, your birthday is
only three days away.
Oh! But since it's
on January 1st,
I guess you'll be
spending it with
your family, huh?
Nah. Schedule's open.
Really? Then I can see you?
[TAKEO]
Yeah! You wanna go
visit the shrine?
Yeah!
(Struggling grunts)
Everything okay?
Hwahh! Too soon! Too soon!
(Giggle)
Wha-?
Oh wow.
This year, I'll be
spending my birthday...
with Ms. Yamato.
(Giggling)
(Door opens)
Well hey there, little bro,
welcome home.
Thank you very much.
And well...
welcome home yourself.
Thanks! Just got here.
Gotta spend New Year's Eve
at your parents' house!
How's Takeo? Is he still getting
along with his girlfriend?
They're fine.
(Doorbell)
Huh?
Coming!
Hm!
Hey, Rinko! It has
been far too long!
Oh, hey, Sis.
Long time no see!
[AI]
What's up? Were you
looking for Takeo and
went to the wrong door?
Uh, no. I meant
to come here.
[RINKO]
Takeo's birthday. It's tomorrow.
[AI]
Yep, that's right.
I'm trying to figure out
what cake to make him.
Hmm... Since he'll eat
just about anything,
that kinda makes it
even harder somehow.
How about the cake you
made when you first met?
Huh?
Pretty sure we all ate
cheesecake that day.
Oh, that's good!
I don't always have to make
him something new, do I?
All right... I'll just make
a different kinda cheesecake.
Thank you, Suna!
Well, I am so glad
we figured that out.
Oh, and um...
there's, uh, one
other thing... I, uh...
I was wondering
how you guys think
Takeo would react
if I tried to kiss him.
(Nervous fidgeting)
Now wait... Weren't you just
worried that he might think
you were too pure and innocent?
Oh... yeah well, we sorta
already cleared all that up.
Takeo's not waiting...
WE'RE not really waiting
because of me.
He's just slow with
physical relationships.
(Silence)
Yeah well, I guess
I could see that...
kinda makes sense actually.
He did say he wanted to wait
until the fall of senior year.
(Both scream)
[SUNA]
He said spring was too early.
His senior year? The fall?
Okay... I guess that's
just how it is...
You're just going to have to
wait until your senior year.
If you really want to kiss him,
then I'd say you should just go
ahead and do it.
Huh?
Takeo would probably
be ecstatic.
(Nervous squealing)
Can I ask you something?
Have you ever kissed anyone?
(Disturbed groaning)
Why aren't you
saying anything?
HM!
Well of course he hasn't.
He's never even
had a girlfriend.
Oh, sorry. Didn't mean
to make things awkward.
[RINKO]
Thanks for helping me.
I really do value your opinion.
And thank you, too, Sis.
It's good to see you again!
Be careful, and have
a Happy New Year!
Thank you. Have a
good new year too!
That girl really
is madly in love with
Takeo, isn't she?
And the two of them are
finally going to kiss...
(Sad grunt)
Imagining it makes
me wanna puke my guts out.
[SUNA]
So how's that Oda guy?
[AI]
Ugh. He's fine.
But ever since the
trip to MM Land, he
won't leave me alone.
[BROADCASTER]
...as we take a look
back at some of the
most memorable moments
of the past year. And then...
This year is
coming to an end...
A very a good
year indeed...
[YURIKO]
Take, if you're sleepy,
just go on back to your room.
Go on.
Okay.
Take, you have any
plans tomorrow?
I'm going to the shrine
with Ms. Yamato at 10.
Sounds nice.
Night!
Night, son.
(Heavy snoring)
(Ringing)
Yeah...?
[RINKO]
It's January 1st, Takeo!
Happy birthday!
WHUH! AH!
O-oh, thank you!
Were you asleep?
Yeah, but it's okay.
Sorry about that.
I'll see you tomorrow...
Oh, it already is tomorrow!
Yeah!
Good night.
Yeah, good night.
(Disconnects)
(Happy sigh)
This next year is gonna
be a good one too.
(Goat bleat)
Happy new year, Mom and Dad!
Happy new year!
Happy new year to you.
Alrighty, here's your money.
Oh, heck yeah!
Time for me to get going.
Be careful.
Ms. Yamato!
Ah! Takeo!
(Takeo giggling)
(Rinko giggles)
[TAKEO]
It's a new year.
And I still love her.
Happy birthday, Takeo!
Thank you!
That's the second time.
That's the second
time, wasn't it?
Yeah.
[RINKO]
Thanks to you and Suna,
I had so much fun on my
birthday this year...
I mean, last year.
Yeah, it was last year.
So, for your birthday I wanted
it to be just as special...
I want to make sure your
birthday is a day that
you will never forget.
I like that!
I could never forget.
I promise.
[RINKO]
Takeo, are your hands cold?
Not at all.
I should've brought
some gloves out here!
Maybe put your hand
in your pockets, or...
(Blowing)
I love her.
[RINKO]
So, do you come
here every year?
[TAKEO]
Not every year...
But last year we were
prepping for exams,
so Suna brought me.
I came here last year, too.
[RINKO]
This year, your family is
going to welcome a baby.
[TAKEO]
Yeah!
That's very exciting!
I know. I can't wait.
(Loud jingling)
[RINKO]
Oh wow! Look, Takeo,
you got "great luck"!
Lemme see what you got.
Oh, I got "small luck."
But if you've got great luck,
then that means I'll have
great luck, too!
Hmm...
And if you got small luck,
then maybe we'll both have that.
Oh! Maybe so! Ah!
[TAKEO]
"Small luck" is
enough luck for me.
Ooh...
I've never been very lucky
with these sorts of things.
I hope that everyone will
have a wonderful, super year.
I hope that my new little
brother or sister will be
healthy and happy.
And I hope...
I hope that Ms. Yamato and
I get another year together.
So, uh, Takeo, I baked
you a birthday cake.
Is it okay if I
drop by your place?
Yeah! I haven't really
cleaned up or anything.
You okay with that?
(Exhale)
[RINKO]
Yeah.
(Door opens)
I'm home!
Wow. Well that was fast.
Yeah. Ms. Yamato's here!
Hello, young lady.
Happy new year.
And a very happy new
year to you too.
I wish you good luck
and good fortune.
Hm!
Ah, crap. It's even
worse than I thought.
Oh, here, let
me help you.
[BOTH]
Uh!
Take! Your dad and I
are going to the shrine.
Then checking out
the New Year's sales.
And then picking up some
things at the supermarket.
We won't be back for
about five hours.
Uh, that's a long time.
You two don't get into
too much trouble!
(Giggle)
Ahh!
(Nervous groans)
You, uh, want
something to drink?!
Huh?! No, it's okay!
I'm alright!
Hm.
Uh.
(Doorbell rings)
(Both gasp)
Happy New Year! Hey!
Happy New Year, Takeo!
Here's your birthday present!
I just got it at the mall!
Cool!
[YELLOW JACKET] Oh, your
girlfriend's here?
[RED SCARF] I've never met her.
[BLUE JACKET]
Can we hang for a bit?
Sure!
Nice to meet you!
Sorry to just barge in!
Good to meet you.
I'm Rinko Yamato.
We all went to the same
elementary school.
Oh, really?
(Doorbell rings)
[SWEATERVEST]
Hey, Takeo, you here?!
Huh?
[GREEN SWEATER]
What's up! Happy birthday, dude!
[RED SWEATER]
You in your room?!
Yeah!
Man, it just doesn't
feel like the new year
'til I see Takeo's face.
Totally!
The fact your birthday's on
New Year's cracks me up!
Makes the party even bigger!
(All laugh)
How did Takeo ask you out?
They were on the train.
Takeo saved her from
some creepy groper guy.
And well, I was the
one who asked him out.
It was love at first sight!
(Boys laugh)
[SWEATERVEST]
I must say, you have
pretty good taste!
(All shouting happy birthday)
[BOYS]
See ya, Takeo!
Later!
Bye!
[TAKEO]
Sorry about that. Those
guys drop by every year.
[RINKO]
No, it's no problem.
Oh! Takeo...
Hm?
Here's your present.
Oh, thanks!
So, can I open it?
Of course.
This is the first time
I've ever gotten a stuffed
animal as a present.
Oh, and if you poke it's tummy,
there's a little surprise.
(SQUEAK)
WHUUUUH?!
(Squeaking)
So, why did Ms. Yamato
give me a stuffed
teddy bear?
It's really cute!
(Giggle)
I couldn't decide on what
to get you...
But this was just
so stinkin' cute!
I couldn't take my eyes off it.
I see, so it was
because it WAS... cute.
She gave me something
she really liked.
(SQUEAK)
And of course, I also
baked you a cake.
OOHHH!
I asked Suna for some
suggestions, and he said
to try making a cheesecake
like the one I gave you
when we first met.
I thought about taking it out
when everyone was still here...
But I wanted to make
sure you got the chance
to really see it first.
Yeah. I am not sharing
this cake with anyone.
Oh?
Oh, I've got some candles
in here somewhere as well.
I think there's a lighter in
the kitchen. I'll go get it.
I'll be right back.
Okay!
(Footsteps receding)
Ah?
(Rustling in distance)
(Nervous breathing)
(Rinko clapping)
Takeo, happy birthday!
[TAKEO]
Thanks.
(Rinko giggles)
She's so pretty...
(Singing)
Happy birthday to you!
Happy...
(Giggle)
Happy birthday to you!
Happy birthday, dear Takeo!
[TAKEO]
Thank you, Ms. Yamato.
Okay, Takeo, you have to close
your eyes and make a wish
before you blow out the candles.
Oh, alright.
Take your time.
Got it. A wish, huh...
[TAKEO]
I will remember
this night forever.
The phone call
right at midnight...
The stuffed animal,
the cake...
I'll never forget any of it.
My wish...
is for Ms. Yamato
to keep smiling this
whole year through.
Ms. Yamato.
(Nervous shudder)
Thanks for the cake!
Hm? Uh?
Can I blow 'em out?
Uh, sure!
(Splat)
Uhh...
All right.
Oh, I forgot to get
a knife and plates.
Hang on a sec.
Did he not even notice?!
(Deflated sigh)
[YURIKO]
We're back!
Oh, hey, Mom. Welcome home.
Uh. Are you planning
on attacking someone?
I need to slice a birthday cake!
[YURIKO]
There's a different
knife for that.
(Door opens)
Uh!
Okay, it's time to eat.
I do not want to mess
this cake up...
Happy Birthday to me!
(Gleeful chewing)
Yummy!
(Giggle)
I don't think I remember
her cakes ever tasting
this amazing.
Ms. Yamato, thank you.
This has been a
very happy birthday.
Oh. Glad to hear it!
(Giggle)
[TAKEO]
I am so happy.
(Jingle)
[RINKO]
Takeo, I'm glad I got to
celebrate
your birthday with you.
Happy birthday.
And I forgot to say it earlier,
but Happy New Year,
and my best wishes
for the coming year.
Takeo, I love you!
For her, January 1st
isn't New Year's Day.
It's my birthday.
She actually almost forgot
that it was New Year's.
Suna! Happy New Year,
my man!
Yeah, Happy New Year.
Here's your birthday
present, Takeo.
Why thank you.
Where's your girlfriend?
I just walked her home.
She got me a stuffed animal!
Uhh... stuffed animal?
I suppose that sounds like her.
[TAKEO]
Yeah. I think so too.
She also baked me
a delicious cheesecake.
It was all cute and perfect.
It's been a great birthday.
[SUNA]
Good. I'm happy for you.
She asked me to close
my eyes and make a wish
before blowing the candles out.
But while my eyes were closed,
a bug landed on my mouth.
And I was just about
to open my mouth too.
Man, it was so close.
You don't even know.
A bug?
Yeah, it just came
out of nowhere.
Felt pretty big, too.
It felt kinda soft.
And it stayed there
for a while...
(Giggle) Kinda tickled.
Wonder if Ms. Yamato
saw it on me.
Uh, Takeo...
she kissed you.
Hm?
Oh my god.
It was a kiss!
She kissed me.
She kissed meeee.
It wasn't a bug!
AAAGGGHHH!
[TAKEO]
Ms. Yamato!
[RINKO, FLASHBACK]
I want to make sure your
birthday is a day
that you will never forget.
Ms. Yamato!
[RINKO]
It's January 1st, Takeo.
Happy birthday!
Ms. Yamato...
[RINKO]
Glad to hear it.
Ms. Yamato...
(Ringing)
Huh?
Hey, Takeo, what's wrong?
Is everything alright?
Yeah, I'm here. I'm home
What? outside?
(Gasp)
Takeo, what's going on?
Ms. Yamato, did you...
did you kiss me?
AH!
AGH!
Please! I need a do-over!
(Startled gasp)
Mm-hmm...
Ah!
[TAKEO]
One more time, for real...
I love her.
(Both exhale)
I'll be good to you!
I will cherish you!
Yes! And I'll always
cherish you, too!
Yeah, thanks!
You are my treasure!
Thanks, Takeo!
You're my treasure, too!
I'll cherish you! Always!
My sixteenth birthday...
Is a day I will remember
for the rest of my life.
♪Closing song♪
How'd it go?
Suna! It's all thanks to you!
So thank you!
Not at all.
Thank you! It really is
all because of you!
No, no, no.
I didn't do anything.
It was all due to your
incredible sacrifice!
Well, I'm glad I was able
to make you happy, okay?
So, Suna...
I'm not sure what I'm supposed
to do to get a second kiss.
You can pretty much do
it whenever you want.
Is that right?
But won't there be times when
she's not up for it or whatever?
Well, then I'd say
you don't do it.
Okay! I think I'm gonna
need to get some practice!
Uhh...
Look me in the eyes
and think "yes" or "no,"
and I'll try'n
figure it out!
[SUNA]
There's never gonna be a "yes."
Why don't you just save it
for special occasions.
Special occasions?
I understand...
So next up will be
Valentine's Day.
(TOOT TOOT)
I'm going crazy
thinking about it!
(Steam whistle)
Calm down, dude.
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Mom.